Deprecate OffscreenCanvas2D's commit() method (#33145)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/offscreencanvasrenderingcontext2d/index.md

- there is no support for user-interface features (`drawFocusIfNeeded`, and `scrollPathIntoView`)
- its `canvas` attribute refers to an `OffscreenCanvas` object rather than a {{HtmlElement("canvas")}} element

> - its `OffscreenCanvas` object's placeholder {{HtmlElement("canvas")}} element's bitmap is updated during the `OffscreenCanvas`'s owner's rendering update.

Reviewer: I thought this was a little hard to understand, although this is not easy to phrase.

Maybe:

```suggestion
- the bitmap for the placeholder {{HtmlElement("canvas")}} element belonging to the `OffscreenCanvas` object is updated during the rendering update of the `Window` or `Worker` that owns the `OffscreenCanvas`
```

Is that right?

Author: Yes it's right and a way better formulation. Thanks.
